Refer to VDAF instead of "PPM scheme" (#168)
abetterinternet/ppm-specification: draft-gpew-priv-ppm.md

We call the servers the *aggregators*. Each client's input to the protocol is a
set of measurements (e.g., counts of some user behavior). Given the input set of
measurements `x_1, ..., x_n` held by `n` users, the goal of a *privacy
preserving measurement (PPM) protocol* is to compute `y = F(p, x_1, ..., x_n)`
for some aggregation function `F` and aggregation parameter `p` while revealing

> nothing else about the measurements.

Reviewer: I think you need to say something more about "p" here. Like, what is it?

And why can't we just bury that in F. I.e., \mathcal{F} is a family of functions parametrized by p and F is a specific instance?

Author: Two reasons not to bury this:
1. `F` is implied by the VDAF in use
2. `p` is a parameter chosen by the collector and distributed to the aggregators.

I agree we should say more about what this is. I've added a paragraph to add a bit more color.

By the way, the canonical example of an aggregation parameter is the set of candidate prefixes for each round of heavy hitters.

Reviewer: I can live with your text here, but I don't really agree with this rationale. This is introductory text and doesn't need to map 1:1 with the VDAF spec.

Author: Yeah I agree. Happy to iterate on it later on.

This protocol is extensible and allows for the addition of new cryptographic

> schemes that compute new functions. A compatible scheme implements the VDAF

Reviewer: ```suggestion
schemes that implement the VDAF
```

{:br}

The basic unit of PPM is the "task" which represents a single measurement
(though potentially taken over multiple time windows). The definition of a task
includes the following parameters:

* The type of each measurement;
* The aggregation function to compute (e.g., sum, mean, etc.) and an optional
  aggregation parameter;
* The set of aggregators and necessary cryptographic keying material to use;
* The VDAF to execute, which to some extent is dictated by the previous
  choices;

> * The minimum "batch size" of reports which can be aggregated; and

Reviewer: Can we remove the semicolons here?

Author: Replaced with periods.

of the entities other than the client ever sees the values for individual
clients.

In order to address this problem, the aggregators engage in a secure,
multi-party computation, specified by the chosen VDAF, to ensure that consuming
the report will not corrupt the aggregate result. The input shares
generated by the client include information used by the aggregators during
aggregation. For example, `prio3` includes a distributed zero-knowledge proof of

> the input's validity [BBCGGI19]. The aggregators can then jointly verify this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the input's validity [BBCGGI19] which the aggregators can jointly verify
```

> proof and reject the report if it cannot be verified. However, they do not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
reject the report if it cannot be verified. However, they do not
```

~~~
struct {
  TaskID task_id;

>   opqaue agg_param<0..2^16-1>;  // VDAF aggregation parameter

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  opaque agg_param<0..2^16-1>;  // VDAF aggregation parameter
```

The response is an HTTP 200 OK with a body consisting of the helper's updated
state and a sequence of *sub-responses*, where each sub-response corresponds to
the sub-request in the same position in `AggregateReq`. Each sub-response

> encodes the timestamp and nonce, as well as a VDAF-specific `message`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
encodes the timestamp, a nonce, and a VDAF-specific `message`:
```

Author: Took this but merged "timestamp" into "nonce".
